CMCL-0000: update doc for channels (#662)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.cinemachine: com.unity.cinemachine/Documentation~/CinemachineUpgradeFrom2.md

## Upgrading your Project Step by Step
Here are the steps to take when upgrading an existing project from CM 2.X:
1. Back up your project. Don't skip this step.

> 1. Get your custom scripts to compile by updating the broken CM field names. For the most part, this just means removing the `m_` prefix. At this point your project should run as before, using the obsolete classes.  Exception: if you are using layers to filter cameras into separate split-screen brains, that filtering will stop working until after you have ugraded to CmCameras and switched the filtering over to Channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get your custom scripts to compile by updating the broken CM field names. For the most part, this just means removing the `m_` prefix. At this point your project should run as before, using the obsolete classes.  **Exception**: If you are using layers to filter cameras into separate split-screen brains, that filtering will stop working until after you have upgraded to CmCameras and switched the filtering over to Channels.
```

### New Spline Implementation
Cinemachine's paths are now implemented using Unity's native Splines, which provide equivalent functionality. The Cinemachine Upgrader will automatically convert your CM paths to Splines. The CM path implementations still exist, but are now deprecated.

### Decoupled from Unity Layers

> In CM2, CinemachineBrain would only process CmCameras that were assigned to layers included in the associated Camera's culling mask.  This menchanism was useful in situations such as split-screen, to cause specific CmCameras to be assigned to specific Brains.  In CM3, this has been replaced by **Cinemachine Channels**.  These are dedicated layers that only Cinemachine uses, so that Unity layers don't get needlessy squandered.  CmCameras are assigned to a Cinemachine Channel, and the CinemachineBrain has a channel mask.  Normally, the "Default" channel is used, and only needs to be changed in specific situations where channel separation is a requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In CM2, CinemachineBrain would only process CmCameras that were assigned to layers included in the associated Camera's culling mask.  This mechanism was useful in situations such as split-screen, to cause specific CmCameras to be assigned to specific Brains.  In CM3, this has been replaced by **Cinemachine Channels**.  These are dedicated layers that only Cinemachine uses, so that Unity layers don't get needlessly squandered.  CmCameras are assigned to a Cinemachine Channel, and the CinemachineBrain has a channel mask.  Normally, the "Default" channel is used, and only needs to be changed in specific situations where channel separation is a requirement.
```

![Cinemachine Channels Camera](images/CinemachineChannels-camera.png)

> ![Cinemachine Channels   Brain](images/CinemachineChannels%20-%20brain.png)

Reviewer: at least i didn't correct the spaces this time.
